# Host-Information

Gathering host information (location and networks) for a given set of IP Addresses
_Uses tracert_

---

## Data

All the data generated by this system is placed in a sub-directory, appropriately named 'data'.

> The file 'rawData.txt' contains all the data from the reference data pdf

> The file 'data.json' contains the final data including the following fields for each ip (host): 
> 1. ip
> 2. hostname
> 3. city
> 4. region
> 5. country
> 6. loc
> 7. org
> 8. postal (address)
> 9. timezone
> 10. country_name
> 11. latitude
> 12. longitude
> 13. asn
> 14. host (i.e. network host)

> The file 'asns.txt' contains a csv file of the ASNs for the host of each hop in the rawData.txt file

These data files are used throughout the project within the different classes.

---

## Classes

There are three 'homemade' classes:

1. Parser()
2. IPDetails()
3. hostNetworkDetails()

## Parser()

The Parser() class splits each tracert into 'blocks' and within each block,
the parser looks for IP addresses and appends them to a sub-dictionary (defined by the block)
of a parsedData dictionary.

## IPDetails()

The IPDetails() class takes a parsedData dictionary as an input and outputs
a host_data dictionary containing all the publically availabel information
about each of the hosts in the dictionary.

## hostNetworkDetails()

The hostNetworkDetails() class takes a host_data dictionary as an input and has multiple function which act upon it.
The function 'parseASNs' parses the dictionary for the hosts' network ASNs and the corresponding names of the networks.
The function 'dumpASNs' writes all the ASNs to a text file so that they can be used for other purposes in the future, if needed.
